secret that
all the trials that life can offer have
courage and be kind you merely be your
stepmother and you have two lovely
sisters to keep you company so I'll know
as far away as I may be that you'll be
safe wouldn't you prefer to eat only the
work is done Ella yes fine even call me
that
madam will do cinderwench dirty Alumni
Center
are you alright this what did he call
you never mind what they call me I'm
sorry it's not your doing no yours
either on there I hope to see you again
miss and are you you'll have more
kindness in your little finger than most
people possess in their whole body it
was my mother's address it would be an
insult to take you to the palace dressed
in tease her who brags but you shall not
go to the ball
why are you crying who are you that's
better my fairy kauffman face of glass
and you find that really comfortable now
if you go or you shall go to the ball
they're all looking at you believe me
they're all looking at you
where there is kindness there is
goodness and where there is goodness
there is magic are you looking for this
Oh